Updated documentation for dispatching of Commands, Events and Queries. (#3939)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: docs/reference-guide/modules/commands/pages/command-dispatchers.adoc

The outcome depends on the implementation of the command handler.
If the `@CommandHandler` annotated function throws an exception due to some business logic, it will be that exception which will be the result of dispatching the command.

=== Return values from command handlers

Command handlers can return values, and the framework will propagate these through the `CommandResultMessage` (or directly through `CommandResult`/`CompletableFuture` depending on the API used).
However, it's important to understand the intent behind commands versus queries:

* **Commands** express an intent to change application state.
The primary goal of dispatching a command is to execute that state change, not to retrieve information.
* **Queries** are designed specifically for retrieving information from the application.

If the primary purpose of sending a message is to obtain a result value, consider whether it should be designed as a xref:queries:index.adoc[query message] instead of a command.

That said, there are legitimate cases where command handlers return values:

* **Entity identifiers**: Returning the identifier of a newly created aggregate or entity is a common pattern.

> The framework has built-in support for this: when a `@CommandHandler` annotated constructor executes successfully, the value of the `@AggregateIdentifier` annotated field is automatically returned.

Reviewer: We do not have constructor command handlers anymore, only static factory methods.
```suggestion
The framework has built-in support for this: when a `@CommandHandler` annotated static handler executes successfully, the value of the `@AggregateIdentifier` annotated field is automatically returned.
```
